speechid|date|phrasecount|chamber|speakerindex|state|crname|party|speech
600027384|19080309|2|S|60067|GA|Augustus Octavius Bacon|Democrat|. Mr. President, one thought has comae to my mind in connection with the joint resolution which I think it is important we should carefully consider. As I understand the joint resolution, the contracts which are contemplated are contracts where the material is to be delivered at Panama by the party who sells it. If I am in error in that, of course what 1908. 3041 I am saying about it is not pertinent. I think there can be no doubt about that being the case; otherwise the language would not be as it is: That in any contract hereafter made transportation by sea of material and equipment from the United States for use in the construction of the Panama Canal shall be restricted to vessels owned by the United States or by the Panama Railroad Company, or to vessels of the United States tendered by the lowest responsible bidder. It evidently contemplates that bids will be asked for material to be delivered at Panama. Now, a bidder under those circumstances must take into consideration not simply the cost of material, but the cost of transportation, in order that he may bid advisedly. In order that he may mke a bid intelligently he must be able to determine definitely wliat the transportation cost to him will be, because he himself will have to pay the transportation cost, and the transportation cost necessarily enters into the cost of the material to be delivered by him. It is therefore necessary that parties should be enabled to determine with accuracy what the cost of transportation will be. It will not be sufficient, to enable him to calculate with any degree of certainty, for him to know that he can under some circumstances ship by foreign ships and under other circumstances on American ships. In the one e case the cost will be much greater than in the other, and so long as the uncertainty remains whether his cost will be the cost of transportation by foreign ships or by American ships it will be impossible for him to make an intelligent bid. Mr. President, the pertinent fact, so far as concerns my section of the country, is this: We are eone of the largest lumber-producing sections of the country; certainly among the largest, if not the largest, within conveieint access to the Panama Canal. The port of Savannah and the port of Brunswick are two of the largest lumber-exporting ports of the United States. I am not sufficiently familiar with the subject to form an idea whether _START naval stores _END in any particular will enter into the material necessary for the construction of the canal. But, if so, it is a matter of additional importance to my section, for the reason that the port of Savannah is the largest _START naval stores _END port in the whole world and necessarily will be in a position to furnish a very large part of this material, if any of it does enter into the construction of the canal or into any of the works which are in any degree related to that construction. .Now, take the case of lumber, for instance, because we all know that lumber will enter into the construction of the canal, and that when bids are asked for the furnishing of lumber, a lumber dealer sits down and calculates whether or not he can make a bid on lumber to go to Panama. He knows the price at which he can furnish the lumber at a reasonable profit to himself; but he has to go further and calculate what it will cost him to deliver the lumber at Panama. Under the terms of the joint resolution he will not know until he comes to ship his lumber whether he will be able to ship it upon a foreign vessel or whether he will be required to ship it upon an American vessel, because at last it will depend upon the determination of the President in his discretion; and so long as that Londition of uncertainty lasts it is an utter impossibility for a man who desires to make a bid for the furnishing of lumber to make a bid in which he may have a certainty that it will not result in great loss to him if it is accepted. His bid will be so much per thousand or per hundred thousand or per million, as the case may be, for lumber to be delivered on the Zone, at Colon, and he will make the bid knowing what the lumber will cost him and the price at which he can afford to furnish it, but in utter ignorance of what it will cost him to transport the lumber to the Isthmus.
600033652|19080320|5|S|60067|GA|Augustus Octavius Bacon|Democrat|. Mr. President, I trust the friends of this bill will accept this amendment or agree to its adoption by the Senate. The purpose of it, I presume, is quite manifest. Naturally, if there are but few of these lines of mail ships, they will be located, so far as the ports of America are concerneld, at the larger cities of the North. The purpose of the legislation, as I understand it, is not primarily to encourage shipping, but to open lines of communication between ports in the United States and, so far as the Atlantic side is concerned, ports of South America. It would be of little value to a large section of this country to have lines of steamships which shall touch at ports so remote from them that their inconvenience will be almost a barrier to their use-certainly for any of the heavier classes of freight. If I am correct-I started to say "in my information," but I should say " in my recollection "-there is a large lumber trade between South Atlantic American ports and the ports of South America. There is a very large growing trade in cotton goods. AA is known to Senators, much the larger part of the heavy cotton goods is manufactured in the South, while the finer cotton goods-those of lighter texture-rear manufactured at the North. It so happens, as is known, I presume, to most Senators, that heavy cotton goods are used in the Tropics and in warm countries. It may be that a little is used outside of the Tropics, for the reason that they use little or no wool in their personal clothing, and the heavy cotton fabrics are those which are made up for their personal apparel. That is true of a large part of the countries outside of the Tropics. Well, the purpose of the bill, so far as it will commend itself to any of us in the South, is that there may be an opportunity for the opening of a trade in these valuable articles of production from our section of the country. I have taken occasion once or twice before to remark upon the fact of the large _START naval-store _END production trade of our section a to state a fact-which is soetimes received with a look of incredulity, but which is nevertheless true-that in the matter of _START naval stores _END not only is the South the principal producing locality of the world, but the port of Savannah is not only the largest _START naval-store _END port in the United States, but the largest _START naval-store _END port in the whole world. Now, if we are going to undertake legislation or the amendment of laws now existing, by which new avenues of trade are to be opened, there ought to be such an adjustment as will hold out the opportunity and promise of the enjoyment of these new advantages by a very large section of the country, which, in the absence of some such provision, will be practiaclly debarred from them. It will be seen at once that it is impracticable to ship lumber to New York and then to ship it to South America, and, while not exactly impracticable, certainly it is very inconvenient for _START naval stores _END to be so shipped. The large advantage in the direct intercommunication will be destroyed, even in the case of the shipment of 'cotton goods, if they have to go to New York and thence be shipped to South America. There is very little advantage, except in the matter of national pride, in an arrangement of that kind over what it would be if goods have to be shipped to England and then go to South America. I trust, for the reasons which I have stated and iwich I shall not elaborate further, but which I thinlk must commend themselves to Senators, that this proposition may be looked upon favorably.
600056548|19080430|2|S|60038|CO|Henry Moore Teller|Democrat|. They are engaged in agriculture that they thoroughly understand, and they will not accept any suggestions from. us, because we know nothing about their character of agriculture. It is just about as good as the fifth wheel to a coach. The VICE-PRESIDENT. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The next amendment was,.on page 42, line 20, before the word "all," to insert "and completing;" and in line 22, before the word -" thousand," to strike out " three" and insert "seven," so as to make the clause read: Nutrition investigations: For setting up and completing all apparatus now the property of the Government and used in. the nutrition investigations, and for preparing for publication results already obtained, $7,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary. The amendment was agreed to. The next amendment was, on page 43, line 13, to increase the total appropriation for maintenance of the Office of Experiment Stations, from $1,030,620 to $1,034,020. The amendment was agreed' to. The next amendment was, on page 44, after line 22, to strike out the subhead "Leave of absence" and insert the heading " Miscellaneous." The amendment was agreed to. The next amendment was, on page 44, line 24, before the word "The," to insert " Leave of absence." The amendment was agreed to. The next amendment was, on page 45, line 7, before the word "To," to insert "'Paper tests;" and in line 8, before the word " such" to strike out " by cultivation," so as to make the clause read : Paper tests: To enable the Secretary of Agriculture to test such plants as may require tests to ascertain If they be suitable for making paper, $10,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, including the employment of labor in Washington, or elsewhere.. The amendment was agreed to.. The next amendment was, on page 45t after line 11, to insert: _START Naval-stores _END industry: To enable the Secretary of Agriculture to inquire into the destruction, of forests by the production, of turpentine and rosin, and the sources and methods of said industry, and in cooperatlon with the Bureau of the Census to report upon the. production ,of the _START naval-stores _END industry, $10;000, or so much. thereof as may be necessary, including the. employment of labor in Washington or elsewhere.
600102633|19090128|1|S|60038|CO|Henry Moore Teller|Democrat|. I present a telegram addressed to the Delegate from Arizona, which I desire to have read to the Senate. It is a memorial of one house of the legislative assembly of Arizona. I have had it copied, so that the Secretary may read it. I ask to have it read and referred to the Committee on Territories. There being no objection, the memorial was read and referred to the Committee on Territories, as follows: [Copy of telegram.] Hon. MARK A. SIT, PHOENIX, Aiz., January S5, 1909. Hon. MARsK A. SMITI Delegate to Congress from Arizona. Washington, D. C. House memorial No. 1. To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.: Your memorialists, the twenty-fifth legislative assembly of the Territory of Arizona, most respectfully represent that Whereas Arizona has long wanted to take its proper place in the Union of States vested with all the rights to which American citizens to to to of to a to of To on of the the theare entitled under the Constitution our forefathers have handed down to us; and Whereas Congress has now under consideration the admission of certain Territories, all of which are urging their claims: Be it Resolved, That this legislature asks that you give our fitness a fair hearing, lay aside legislation less vital, and grant Arizona immediate statehood ; and be it further Resolved, That the chief clerk of the house is hereby instructed to transmit this memorial by wire to the lion. M.huK A. SxMIT, Arizona Delegate. BEN R. CLARK, Chief Clerk. Mr. GUGGENHEIM presented sundry affidavits, to accompany the bill (S. 6755) granting an increase of pension to Wilbert U. Teters, which were referred to the Committee on Pensions. Mr. CULLOM presented a memorial of Local Branch, Railway Postal Clerks' Association, of Peoria, Ill., remonstrating against the enactment of legislation providing for the retirement of superannuated employees in the railway postal clerks' classified service, which was referred to the Committee on PostOffices and Post-Roads. Mr. FRYE presented petitions of sundry citizens of Richmond and Warren, in the State of Maine, praying for the passage of the so-called "rural parcels-post" and "postal savings banks " bills, which were referred to the Committee on Post-Offices and Post-Roads. Mr. NELSON presented sundry affidavits to accompany the bill (S. 8619) granting an increase of pension to Harrison Sloggy, which were referred to the Committee on Pensions. He also presented a memorial of the Business League of St. Paul, Minn., remonstrating against the enactment of legislation to prohibit the manufacture, sale, or transportation of adulterated, misbranded, or falsely graded _START naval stores,_END  which was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
600129827|19090226|1|S|60055|FL|James Piper Taliaferro|Democrat|. Not at all. I ask that Senate bill 9460 be laid before the Senate. The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Chair lays the bill before the Senate. It will be read by title. The SECRETARY. A bill (S. 9460) for preventing the manufacture, sale, or transportation of adulterated, misbranded, or falsely graded _START naval stores,_END  and for other purposes.
600129844|19090226|19|S|60055|FL|James Piper Taliaferro|Democrat|. I ask that the bill be read. The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Secretary will read the bill. The Secretary read the bill, as follows: A bill (S. 9460) for preventing the manufacture, sale, or transportation of adulterated, misbranded, or falsely graded _START naval stores,_END  and for other purposes. Be it enacted, etc., That it shall be unlawful within any Territory or the District of Columbia for any person to adulterate or misbrand, within the meaning of this act, any article of _START naval stores,_END  and any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and for each offense shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined not to exceed $500 or shall be sentenced to one year's imprisonment, or both such fine and imprisonment, In the discretion of the court, and for each subsequent offense and conviction thereof shall be fined not less than $1,000 or sentenced to one year's imprisonment, or both such fine and imprisonment, in the discretion of the court. SEC. 2. That the introduction into any State or Territory or the District of Columbia from any other State or Territory or the District of Columbia, or from any foreign country, or shipment to any foreign country of any article of _START naval stores _END which is adulterated or misbranded, within the meaning of this act, is hereby prohibited; and any person who shall ship or deliver for shipment from any State or Territory or the District of Columbia to any other State or Territory or the District of Columbia, or to a foreign country, or who shall receive in any State or Territory or the District of Columbia from any other Stateet or Territory or the District of Columbia, or foreign country, and having so received shall deliver, in original unbroken packages, for pay or otherwise, or offer to deliver to any other person, any such article so adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of this act, or any person who shall sell or offer for sale in the District of Columbia or the Territories of the United States any such adulterated or misbranded _START naval stores,_END  or export or offer to export the same to any foreign country, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and for such offense be fined not exceeding $500, or be imprisoned not exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion of the court, for the first offense, and upon conviction for each subsequent offense not exceeding $1,000, or be imprisoned not exceeding two years, or both, in the 'iscretlon of the court. SEC. 3. That any common carrier shall, upon request of the Secretary of Agriculture, furnish to .him or his authorized representative full information of interstate traffic in any article of _START naval stores _END subject to the provisions of this act. SE-. 4. That the Secretary of Agriculture shall make uniform rules and regulations for carrying out the provisions of this act, including the branding, the collection, and examinations of specimens or samples of _START naval stores _END manufactured or offered for sale in the District of Columbia or any Territory of the United States, which shall be offered for sale in unbroken packages in any State other than that in which they shall have been respectively manufactured or produced, or which shall be received from any foreign country, or intended for shipment to any foreign country, or which may be submitted for examination by the proper officer of any State, Territory, or the District of Columbia, or at any domestic or foreign port through which such product is offered for Interstate commerce oeror for export or Import between the United States and any foreign port or country. SEC. 5. That the examinations of samples of _START naval stores _END shall be made in the Department of Agriculture, or under the direction and supervision of such department, for the purpose of determining from such examinations whether such articles are adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of this act; and if it shall appear from any such examination that any of such samples is adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of this act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall cause notice thereof to be given to the party from whom such sample was obtained. Any party so notified shall be given an opportunity to be heard, under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed as aforesaid, and if it appear that any of the provisions of this act have been violated by such party, then the Secretary of Agriculture shall at once certify the facts to the proper United States district attorney with a copy of the results of the analysis or the examination of such article duly authenticated by the analyst or officer making such examination, under the oath of such officer. After judgment of the court, notice shall be given by publication in such manner as may be prescribed by the rules and regulations aforesaid. SEC. 6. That it shall be the duty of each district attorney to whom the Secretary of Agriculture shall report any violation of this act, or to whom any proper c ficer or agent of any State, Territory, or the District of Columbia shall present satisfactory evidence of any such violation, to cause appropriate proceedings to be commenced and prosecuted In the proper courts of the United States, without delay, for the enforcement of the penalties as in such case herein provided. SEC. 7. That the Secretary of Agriculture shall cause to be published in bulletin form the results of the analysis or examination of all samples found to be adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of this act, together with names and addresses of the persons from whom the samples were obtained, and also the names and addresses of the producers or original distributers of the _START naval stores._END  SEC. 8. That the term "_START naval stores"_END  as used In this act shall Include all gums, oils, oleoresins, and rosins which exude from or are obtained or made from pine or fir wood of any kind by any method or in any method whatsoever. That for the purposes of this act the terms " gum spirits of turpentine," "spirits of turpentine," "gum turpentine," and "turpentine " shall be applied only to pure spirits of turpentine distilled from the natural gum, dip, or scrape which exudes from the pine tree and'is unmixed and unadulterated with oil or any other foreign substance or substances whatsoever; that the term "wood spirits of turpentine" or "wood turpentine" shall be applied only to those distillates and spirits closely resembling gum spirits of turpentine in their physical and chemical properties, manufactured or pre" of in or in in all as be or or in of of to be of of in Ina pared directly from or by distillation of the wood of pine or fir trees and whlich do not contain any adulterant or nlulterants or other foreign substance or substances whatsoever; that the terms " lbarrel." " package," or "container," as uscd in this act. shall include anyv kind of package, vessel, tank, or receptacle in which spirits of turpentine, rosin, or _START naval stores _END shall be placed or kept, whether for shipment, sale, consignment, or delivery. SEc. 9. That for the purpose of this act an article of _START naval stores _END shall be deemed to be adulteratedFirst. If, when sold under or by a name recognized in the United States Pharmacopeia or National Formulary, it differs from the slandard of strength, quality, or purity, as determined bv the test laid down in the United States Pharmacopoia or National Formulary official at the time of investigation. Second. If its strength or purity fall below the professed standard or quality under which it Is sold. Third. If any substance has been mixed and packed with it so as to reduce or lower or injuriously affect its quality or strength. Fourth. If any substance has been substituted wholly or In part for the article. Fifth. If any valuable constituent of the article has been wholly or in part abstracted. Sixth. If it be mixed, colored, bleached, powdered, coated, or stained in a manner whereby damage or inferiority is concealed. SEC. 10. That the term "misbranded," as used herein, shall apply to all _START naval stores,_END  the package or label of which shall bear any statement, design, or device regarding such article or the ingredients or substances contained therein which shall be false or misleading in any particular, and to any article of _START naval stores _END which Is falsely branded as to the State, Territory, or country in which it is manufactured or produced. That for the purposes of this act an article of _START naval stores _END shall also be deemed to be misbrandedFirst. If it be an imitation of or offered for sale under the name of another article. Second. If the contents of the package as originally put up shall have been removed. In whole or in part, and other contents shall have been placed In such package. Third. If when the contents of the container are stated in terms of weight or measure, they are not plainly and correctly stated on the outside of the package. SEC. 11. That no dealer shall be prosecuted under the provisions of this act when he can establish a guaranty signed by the wholesaler, jobber, manufacturer, or other party residing in the United States, from whom he purchases such articles, to the effect that the same Is not adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of this act, designating it. Said guaranty, to afford protection, shall contain the name and address of the party or parties making the sale of such articles to such dealer, and in such case said party or parties shall be amenable to the prosecutions, fines, and other penalties which would attach, in due course, to the dealer under the provisions of this act. SEC. 12. That it shall he the duty of the Secretary of Agriculture to establish grades of _START naval stores,_END  and provide and keep in his office samples of each grade known or used in commerce, and such grades shall be the standards by which all the inspections of _START naval stores _END are conducted under this act. SEC. 13. That any article of _START naval stores _END that is adulterated or misbranded within th e meaning of this act, and is being transported from one State, Territory, District, or insular possession to another for sale. or having been transported, remains unloaded, unsold, or in original unbroken packages, or if it be sold or offered for sale in the District of Columbia or the Territories or insular possessions of the United States, or f it be imported from a foreign country for sale, or if it is intended for export to a foreign country, shall be liable to be proceeded against in any district court of the United States within the district where the same is found, and seized for confiscation by a process of libel, for condemnation. And if such article is condemned as being adulterated or misbranded, within the meaning of this act, same shall be disposed of by destruction or sale, as the said court may direct, and the proceeds thereof, if sold, less the legal costs and charges, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States, but such goods shall not be sold in any jurisdiction contrary to the provisions of this act or the laws of that jurisdiction: Provided, however, That upon the payment of the costs of such libel proceedings and the execution and delivery of a good and sufficient bond to the effect that such articles shall not be sold or otherwise disposed of contrary to the provisions of this act, or the laws of any State, Territory, District, or insular possession, the court may by order direct that such articles be delivered to the owner thereof. The proceedings of such libel cases shall conform as near as may be to tihe proceedings in admiralty, except that either party may demand trial by jury of any issue of fact joined In any such case, and all such proceedings shall be at the suit of and in the name of the United States. SEC. 14. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall deliver to the Secretary of Agriculture, upon his request from time to time, samples of _START naval stores _END which are being imported Into the United States or offered for import, giving notice thereof to the owner or consignee, who may appear before the Secretary of Agriculture and have the right to introduce testimony; and If It npnear from the examination of such samples that any article of _START naval stores _END offered to be imported into the United States is adulterated or milsbranded within the meaning of this act, or is of a kind forbidden entry into, or forbidden to be sold, or restricted in sale in the country In which It is made or from which it is exported, or is otherwise falsely labeled in any respect, the said article shall be refused admission, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall refuse delivery to the consignee and shall cause the destruction of any goods refused delivery which shall not be ex.ported by the consignee within three months from the date of notice of such refusal, under such regulations ns the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe: Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury may deliver to the consignee such goods pending examination and decision in the matter on execution of a penal bond for the amount of the full invoice value of such goods, together with the duty thereon, and on refusal to return such goods for any cause to the custody of the Secretary of the Treasury, when demanded for the purpose of excluding them from the country, or for any other purpose, said consignee shall forfeit the full amount of the bond: And provided further, That all charges for storage, cartage, and labor on goods which are refused admission or delivery shall be paid by the owner or consignee, and In default of such payment shall constitute a ller against any future Imnortatlon by such owner or consignee. SEC. 15. That the term "Territory" as used in this act includes the insular possessions of the United States. The word "person"
600129845|19090226|15|S|60055|FL|James Piper Taliaferro|Democrat|. Mr. President, on December 16 last I introduced in the Senate a bill for the purpose of preventing fraudulent practices in the _START naval-stores _END business-practices which have defrauded the producer and consumer, blighted an important industry, driven out competition, and created a dishonest and unscrupulous monopoly. To understand the purposes of this legislation, it is necessary to have some little knowledge of what _START naval stores _END are, for what they are used, how produced, and how marketed. _START Naval stores _END is the trade name for spirits of turpentine and rosin. The production and sale of these two articles comprise the _START naval-stores _END industry, in which practically all of the Southern States are more or less interested. The total investment in this industry is not less than $50,000,000, and the annual yield is more than $20,000,000. Both articles enter largely into the manufacture of various products. Turpentine is used in a small way for medicinal purposes and very largely in the preparation of paints, oils, varnishes, and other articles, and rosin extensively in the manufacture of paper and soap and in less degree in other ways. Spirits of turpentine is the refined or distilled product of the gum of the southern pine tree, and rosin is the heavier product-the residue of the distillation. The production of _START naval stores _END is one of the simplest manufacturing processes known. Indeed, it is almost as simple as the preparation of sugar and sirup from the maple, and the two methods are not altogether unlike. The first step in "turpentining" is to hack the bark generally from two sides of the tree to a height of 4 to 5 feet in diagonal lines leading to a box cut into the base of the tree as a receptacle or container for the flowing gum. Under this process the trees were seriously wounded and the life of the forest thereby shortened, and when the trees began to die they were at once surrendered to the ax of the lumberman. A new process, or the cup and gutter system, is rapidly coming into use. Through it no material damage is done the tree and the yield of _START naval stores _END is prolonged and increased. Those who use it save the forests and increase their revenues; those who do not are, unhappily, at a disadvantage, and, unwittingly, perhaps, factors in forest destruction. If dishonest practices in the _START naval-stores _END ndustry fores ist ce the producers into bankruptcy and the sale of their properties to the lumberman, it follows, logically, that honest practices will save the business, and in saving the business will save the forests. In this age of progress wise and economical methods for the conservation of our resources must displace extravagance and waste. Therefore, in asking for this legislation, we ask not only for the saving of the industry, but for the saving of the forests as well. It is a fact, Mr. President, that for several years past this Industry has been in the hands of a monopoly whose practices in the manipulation and dictation of prices by the adulteration of turpentine and the dishonest grading of rosins have made the business so unprofitable that the producers are on the verge of ruin. In the _START naval-stores _END industry we have the producer with his farm and still in the woods, the factor in the city who makes advances to the producer for the needs of his business and acts as his agent for the sale of his product, and finally the distributer who buys from the factor for the domestic and foreign trade. The turpentine of the still is a pure article, but is susceptible. of adulteration with any oil of about equal specific gravity. It has sold as high as 79 cents a gallon, but now brings about 40 cents. Kerosene oil, costing 10 cents a gallon, has been extensively. used in turpentine adulteration, and, when added in small quantities, can only be detected by careful analysis. The legitimate profit in handling turpentine is from one-half cent to a cent a gallon, or 25 to 50 cents a barrel, and on rosin about 50 cents a round package. If a dishonest dealer purchasing 10,000 barrels of spirits of turpentine at $20 per barrel adds 1 gallon of kerosene to the barrel, he makes a profit through the fraud of $3,000; if 2 gallons, $6,000; if 8 gallons, $9,000, and if 4 gallons, $12,000. He can undersell the honest dealer in every case and ruin his competitor. He can make even greater profits through fraudulent re-marking of rosins, and that he has done these things Is more than shown by the facts. a It toRosins are divided substantially into 12 grades, viz.: WW, WG, N, M, K, I, H, G, F, E, D, and B. WW is the higlhco. grade and B the lowest. The intrinsic difference in the value of the grades, it appears, is from 10 to 25 cents; but in tlih Savannah market, the quotations of which govern the trade, prices are manipulated to show at times a spread between thi~ grades that are most nearly alike of $1 for a standard aIrrl! of 280 pounds or $2 for a round package. So that if a distributor acquires 10,000 round packages of I rosin at the I quotation and sells it for K, marked or "horned" as K, he makes $20,000 out of the fraud, in addition to the usual traiil. profit. These two rosins are so nearly alike that only an vxpert, through the use of trained eyesight and standard cul, shaped samples, can detect the difference. Besides, it is a rule of the trade that the inspectors who fix the grades shall I.. satisfactory to the distributor who buys. It is manifest, then.fore, that a dishonest inspection would swindle the producer. while a false grading would swindle the consumer. The nmos insidious practice is to advance the grade and sell to the on,sumer a lower grade under the mark or brand of a higher grande. These practices are conducted by wholesale, and through thein a trust has been built up against which no honest competition can live. From the best information I can obtain, the production of _START naval stores _END by States is about as follows: Turpentine. Rosin. Total Pr value. cent. Barrels. Value. Barrels. Value. Florida ....-....... 250,000 $5,000,000 875,000 $6,125,000 $11,125,000 : Georgia..--.--... . 125,000 2,500,000 437,500 3,002,500 5,562,500 . Alabama -..----. . 50,000 1,000,000 175,000 1,225,000 2,225,000 1i Mississippi..-------30,000 106,000 735,000 1,335,000 Louisiana--.-------. 20,000 400,000 70,000 490,000 890,000 North Carolina.-.-. 15,000 300,000 52,500 367,500 667,500 South Carolina..... 5,000 100,000 17,500 122,500 222,500 1 Texas.-------.. -5,000 17,500 122,500 222,500 Total----. . 500,000 10,000,000 1,750,000 12,250,000 22,250,000 I This estimate shows that the annual production from Floriihl is worth over $11,000,000, or 50 per cent of the value of the total crop of the United States. It is not unreasonable, therefia r, that her people, being most interested and most familiar with the iniquities in the business, should be urging this remedial legislation. But, Mr. President, serious objections were made to the I,ill as originally introduced. It was said to be too drastic; that its provisions for federal inspection would be burdensome and expensive; that commerce would be diverted from its natnri,l channels; that certain ports and cities would be discriminatel against; and, finally, that it would invade the rights of the States. It has not appeared to me that any of these objections wore applicable to the bill, and I have little doubt that their origin could be traced to the distributing concerns which are profit inl by the present conditions; and these concerns, I am convinced. would oppose any legislation, state or national, which woulil enforce honest methods in the trade. However this may be. I have submitted to the Senate an amended or substitute bill. In its present form the measure has the approval of the Deplr!ment of Agriculture, and it would appear to have eliminated i ll of the objections which were urged against it as originally introduced. It can not be charged now that its provisions burden anyone with the expense or obstruction of federal inspection; ll:a! commerce will be diverted from its natural channels; 1Ia1! there is discrimination against any city or port; or that h1l. rights of the States are invaded. The amended bill is fiashioned, so far as conditions will admit, after the pure-food law. It does not trench upon or invade state authority; there is no attempt at interference with existing methods of inspection; and the producer may ship when, where, and to whom he please,. The States of Florida and Georgia, producing three-fourths of the total yield of _START naval stores _END in the United States, have taken cognizance of the possibility of vast frauds in the business and have enacted drastic statutes against adulterations and false markings, which the _START naval-stores _END trust, because of the limited jurisdiction of those States, have not found it difficult to disregard or evade. They are the only Southern States, so far as I know, which have laws of this character. There are no statutes in the other States, either because the industry in those States has not yet become important or because of forest destruction has shrunk into the class of minor industries. 1909. But in Florida and Georgia the industry is one of the first class, involving an investment of $30,000,000 or more, and producing annually perhaps $16,000,000. The statutes of Florida and Georgia apply only in those States, respectively, and are powerless when the product passes into interstate or foreign commerce. As 99 per cent or more of the output enters such commerce, the utter helplessness of either of the two States to correct the evils must be obvious. The bill under consideration, Mr. President, does not seek to supersede the laws of either Florida or Georgia, or to interfere in any manner with the rights or authority of those States to inspect _START naval stores _END or to punish offenders against those statutes. There is a clear line of division between interstate and intrastate authority, and that line is as completely recognized in this bill as the two fields are separate and distinct. The bill makes no requirements of the producer other than that he may not ship an impure or falsely graded article under the name of a pure article, or one of superior grade. The laws of Florida and Georgia, as I understand them, already make this requirement, so that a federal statute to the same effect, applying to the dealers and all others who handle _START naval stores _END in interstate or foreign commerce is a mere extension of that requirement into the separate province of interstate commerce over which only federal statutes may apply, and is, therefore, no hardship upon the producer. He, however, is not the transgressor against the law, and, in his consciousness of honesty, insists that the distributer of his product shall not defraud both him and the consumer and go unpunished. The producers claim that turpentine is adulterated after leaving their hands; that their rosin is bought as of one grade and sold as a higher grade; the consumers complain of an impure product; the foreign trade journals complain that the grade marks are changed; and the laws of the two important producing States, Florida and Georgia, are evidence of the necessity for regulation. The records of the hearings of the committee on this bill show that gross frauds have been practiced for many years. The records of the courts, in two convictions under three indictments with one untried case, show frauds in the business of a character bordering on the scandalous. The investigations of the Department of Agriculture and those of the Department of Justice during the past year bear out the truth of all these claims and make it more than manifest that where intrastate authority ends the more extensive field for fraud begins; and that at this point, or where the laws of Florida and Georgia become impotent, the Federal Government should Interpose its power for the protection of the people. Mr. President, I have told you that this business has been in the hands of an unscrupulous trust, and I do not use this language in any extravagant or careless sense. This trust, which I shall show deserves the name, has left the record of its trail through the courts. I have in my possession a certified copy of an Indictment against the company which afterwards became the ringleader of the trust. It charges, in substance, that the president and certain officers of the company repeatedly violated the interstate-commerce act of the United States by shipping tank cars of turpentine with the capacity falsely stated or stenciled upon the tank. I say "repeatedly," because the indictments warrant the use of the word. We find that they committed this offense on February 12, 1898; they committed it on March 2an and 25, 19, and again and again thereafter. These shipments specified in the indictment were from Sivannah, Ga., to Detroit, Mich., and these frauds in each case wore no inconsequential matters, but amounted, in some instances, to more than 5,000 pounds to the shipment. Let us examine the first count of the first indictment and see if the facts bear out the statements I have made. Yes; the first count charges that they made a shipment of this sort on February 12, 1898. Tie real contents of the tank was 47,810 pounds, bdt they shipped it for 42,000 pounds-an exact difference of 5,810 pounds. When the defendant president was brought face to face with these charges of violating the law did he appear in righteous indignation and charge that a fraud had been perpetrated upon him in the false marking of his tanks? No. Did he plead ignorance of such false marking in extenuation of the offense? No. Did he say it was the act of others and an imputation upon him and his good name? No. No! Mr. President, "Guilty" was his answer, and guilty "knowingly and willfully," as the indictments charged. We know, Mr. President, that the courts are slow to move, and because of this fact we can only surmise how long this parit In _ __ &#183; ticular practice had been in vogue. Detroit was but one of their markets-a minor one, indeed-and if they had lank cars operating there about once a week, what did they not have in their shipments tc other and larger cities? This mismarked difference in the capacity of these tanks was not only a fraud upon the carrier, but a ruinous discrimination against competitors. It meant a freight rate lower by 12 per cent than any competitor could get honestly, or enough to strangle competition into utter lifelessness. Let us follow the trail of this company back further; not through the courts this time, but in the records of the hearings on this bill. On page 92 of the subcommittee hearings there appears a letter, written by an agent of the company at Chicago, Ill., June 13, 1891, nearly eighteen years ago, from which I quote the following: * * * Good " E " rosin will fill all these orders, as " F " has been ordered in each case. * * * Can't you get some " M " rosin to send us? We have just received a car you shipped us May 22, containing 2-N-57 WG-41WW. One of our customers needed it Immediately and we consequently did not Inspect it, so we can not tell you whether the "N" and " WG" gained. We marked it all " WW and took our chances. Comment on that letter is wholly unnecessary. It speaks most eloquently for itself. We find this same company which sold " E " rosin under the name of "F" and marked "N" and "WG" all to "WW " " and took our chances," and which undermarked its cars to the extent of many thousand pounds, next under indictment in the United States court for violating the antitrust laws of the United States by forming a conspiracy with other companies in restraint of trade. The constituent parts of the trust or conspiracy in restraint of trade represented a powerful group of _START naval-stores _END distributers and exporters of Savannah, Ga., who very largely control the business. The plan of its various parts was to pretend tothe public that they were competing concerns and buying for separate individual account, whereas they were buying for and on account of one parent concern, which, it appears, owned all the companies masquerading as competitors; that their agreement was to refuse to bid against each other in order to bear the market or to bid on small fictitious lots to fix the price high or low as they pleased. They had a complete system of spying upon would-be competitors to learn where and to whom they sold, and these competitors they drove from the business by underselling, by obtaining lower rates of freight, by controlling and manipulating the market, and through other outrageous practices. Here is the contract, and I believe that all who see it will agree that no more unscrupulous, no more ruthless, and no more conscienceless conspiracy was ever exposed. Mr. President, I do not wish to trespass unduly upon the time or patience of the Senate, but the subject is of so much importance that I hope I may be indulged while the remarkable contract under which this great monopoly was formed is laid in full before the Senate. I ask, Mr. President, that the Secretary read it. The VICE-PRESIDENT. Without objection, the Secretary will read as requested. The Secretary read as follows: Memorandum of agreement made and executed on this day March, A. D. 1905, between the Patterson-Downing Company, a corporation of West Virginia, of the first part, hereinafter called " I'atterson;" the S. P. Shotter Company, also a corporation of West Virginia, of the second part, hereinafter called " Shotter;" the Societe Anonyme des Resineaux, a corporation of the Kingdom of Belgium, of the third part, hereinafter called "Anonyme;" Nickoll &amp; Knight, a mercantile firm composed of Alexander Knight, of the city of London, England, of the fourth part, hereinafter called " Nickoll;" and the Globe _START Naval Stores _END Company, also a corporation of West Virginia, of the fifth part, hereinafter called "Globe." Whereas Globe is chartered and organized for the purpose of buying and selling and generally dealing in spirits of turpentine, including turpentine chemically extracted by artificial process from pine wood, and which is commonly called "wood turpentine;" and Whereas Patterson, Shotter Anonyme, and Nickoll, as a part of their respective businesses. severally deal in such turpentine product: and Whereas, further, the said Patterson, Shotter, Anonyme, and Nickoll have each severally subscribed to the capital stock of the said Globe In the following proportions, viz, Patterson, to 34 per cent thereof, or 340 shares; Shotter, to 211 per cent thereof, or 215 shares; Anonyme, to 261 per cent thereof, or 265 shares; Nickoll, to IS per ce,nt thereof, or 180 shares; all of said shares being of the par value of $50 per share; and Whereas Globe desires to acquire from the first, second, third, and fourth parties, respectively, their several turpentine businesses, and said first, second, third, and fourth parties are willing to dispose of the same on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and Whereas the said Patterson and Shotter are extensive dealers In American rosin, and one of the considerations moving them to enter into this contract Is the regulation of the rosin business as between themselves and the said Anonyme and Nickoll ; Now, then, this agreement witnesseth, that in consideration of the premises and of $1, by each of said parties to each of the other In &#183;
